com/example/englishforkidsfinal/activities/MainActivity.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.activities.MainActivity
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.activities.MainActivity$NavigateListener
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/db/DataBase.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.db.DataBase
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/models/BackgroundMusic.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.models.BackgroundMusic
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/fragments/MainLearningFragment.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.fragments.MainLearningFragment
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.fragments.MainLearningFragment$1
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.BuildConfig
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/fragments/LearningFragment.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.fragments.LearningFragment
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/models/TestModels.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.models.TestModels
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/fragments/MainContestFragment.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.fragments.MainContestFragment
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/fragments/ResultContestFragment.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.fragments.ResultContestFragment
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/fragments/ContestFragment.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.fragments.ContestFragment
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/models/AlphabetLetter.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.models.AlphabetLetter
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/activities/DrawingGame.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.activities.DrawingGame
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/db/DataBaseContract.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.db.DataBaseContract
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.db.DataBaseContract$LearnedWords
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/fragments/GamesFragment.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.fragments.GamesFragment
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/models/DrawingSurfaceView.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.models.DrawingSurfaceView
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/activities/GameSpace.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.activities.GameSpace
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/fragments/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.fragments.HomeFragment
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/models/OnSwipeTouchListener.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.models.OnSwipeTouchListener
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.models.OnSwipeTouchListener$1
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.models.OnSwipeTouchListener$GestureListener
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/adapters/AlphabetRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.adapters.AlphabetRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.adapters.AlphabetRecyclerViewAdapter$AlphabetViewHolder
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/models/LetterTextView.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.models.LetterTextView
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/models/DrawingThread.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.models.DrawingThread
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/fragments/AlphabetLetterFragment.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.fragments.AlphabetLetterFragment
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/models/Alphabet.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.models.Alphabet
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/models/SpeechImageView.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.models.SpeechImageView
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/fragments/SettingsFragment.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.fragments.SettingsFragment
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/models/AlphabetView.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.models.AlphabetView
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/models/Word.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.models.Word
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/models/LettersView.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.models.LettersView
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/fragments/AlphabetFragment.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.fragments.AlphabetFragment
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/models/Letter.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.models.Letter
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/models/Game.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.models.Game
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/activities/SpeakRightGame.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.activities.SpeakRightGame
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.activities.SpeakRightGame$1
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/models/TargetView.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.models.TargetView
com/example/englishforkidsfinal/activities/FindRightPictureGame.java
 com.example.englishforkidsfinal.activities.FindRightPictureGame
